Data Feeds - Starknet update (#1863)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/content/data-feeds/starknet/index.mdx

---
section: dataFeeds
date: Last Modified
title: "Using Data Feeds on Starknet"
isIndex: true
whatsnext:
  {
    "Starknet Price Feed Contract Addresses": "/data-feeds/price-feeds/addresses?network=starknet",
    "Deploy and interact with a Consumer Contract using Starknet Foundry": "/data-feeds/starknet/tutorials/snfoundry/consumer-contract",
  }
metadata:
  description: "Explore how to use Chainlink Data Feeds on Starknet to power your applications with data."
---

import { CopyText } from "@components"

> Starknet is a permissionless decentralized ZK-Rollup operating as an L2 network over Ethereum. Unlike other Ethereum L2 networks, Starknet is not EVM-compatible and uses [Cairo](https://docs.cairo-lang.org/index.html) as its smart contract language. Chainlink Data Feeds are available on Starknet Sepolia as Cairo smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starknet is a permissionless decentralized Zk-rollup operating as an L2 network over Ethereum. Unlike other Ethereum L2 networks, Starknet is not EVM-compatible and uses [Cairo](https://docs.cairo-lang.org/index.html) as its smart contract language. Chainlink Data Feeds are available on Starknet Sepolia as Cairo smart contracts.
```

Aligning with the style from https://chain.link/education-hub/zero-knowledge-rollup

### Offchain examples

You can read Chainlink Data Feeds offchain without a Starknet account. Complete these steps using only the [Starkli CLI](#getting-started-starkli-cli) or the [Starknet Foundry](/data-feeds/starknet/tutorials/snfoundry/read-data) toolkit.

### Onchain examples

You can read Chainlink Data Feeds on Starknet Sepolia using an [onchain contract](/data-feeds/starknet/tutorials/snfoundry/consumer-contract) that you compile, declare, and deploy using [Starknet Foundry](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry).

### Devnet examples

Experiment with Chainlink Data Feeds on Starknet using [Starknet Devnet RS](https://github.com/0xSpaceShard/starknet-devnet-rs), a local Docker-based testnet environment implemented using Rust.
The [Starknet Devnet RS guide](/data-feeds/starknet/tutorials/snfoundry/sn-devnet-rs) provides code examples and scripts that enable you to compile, declare, and deploy your own aggregator and consumer contracts. You can use a set of pre-funded accounts to interact with Chainlink Data Feeds on Starknet without deploying to a live network.

## Getting Started (Starkli CLI)

> [Starkli](https://github.com/xJonathanLEI/starkli) is a Starknet standalone CLI similar to [cairo-lang](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo-lang) but written in Rust. It enables interaction with a Starknet network without the need for extra tools or dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Starkli](https://github.com/xJonathanLEI/starkli) is a Starknet standalone CLI similar to [cairo-lang](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo-lang), but it is written in Rust. It enables interaction with a Starknet network without the need for extra tools or dependencies.
```

> In this example, you'll utilize the `starkli call` command to read data from a Chainlink Price Feed on Starknet Sepolia. This command requires the proxy aggregator address, the function selector, and an RPC endpoint for Starknet Sepolia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you will use the `starkli call` command to read data from a Chainlink Price Feed on Starknet Sepolia. This command requires the proxy aggregator address, the function selector, and an RPC endpoint for Starknet Sepolia.
```

| `answer`     | `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000005293770eb1` | `354661371569`                            | The actual data provided by the data feed, representing the latest price of an asset in the case of a price feed |
| `block_num`  | `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000d44d` | `54349`                                   | The block number at which the data was recorded on the blockchain                                                |
| `started_at` | `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006606b8cc` | `1711716556`                              | The Unix timestamp indicating when the data round started                                                        |
| `updated_at` | `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006606b8a2` | `1711716514`                              | The Unix timestamp indicating when the data was last updated                                                     |

For a complete list of Chainlink Price Feeds available on Starknet, see the [Price Feed Contract Addresses](/data-feeds/price-feeds/addresses?network=starknet) page.

> Note: This example utilizes a [Blast API](https://blastapi.io/public-api/starknet) RPC endpoint. You can interact with the network using any other Starknet Sepolia RPC provider, such as [Alchemy](https://www.alchemy.com/starknet) or [Infura](https://www.infura.io/networks/ethereum/starknet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This example uses a [Blast API](https://blastapi.io/public-api/starknet) RPC endpoint. You can interact with the network using any other Starknet Sepolia RPC provider, such as [Alchemy](https://www.alchemy.com/starknet) or [Infura](https://www.infura.io/networks/ethereum/starknet).
```
